Korath boarding response mission (#8155)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/korath/korath missions.txt

	on complete
		payment 1000
		dialog `You find a Korath who seems to have been waiting for you in the spaceport. They greet you by showing their palms, then outstretch their hands as if waiting to receive the package. You hand off the small delivery and they hand you a small payment of <payment>.`

mission "Korath Boarding Response"
	invisible
	boarding
	repeat
	minor
	deadline 1
	to offer
		random < 5
		or

> 			"reputation: Korath" < -5000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"reputation: Korath" < -100
```

I'm actually inclined to just remove this entirely, or simplify it to just "-1". Why should the Korath send a rescue fleet based on how much they hate the player? As this isn't a revenge mission, but a *rescue* mission, any negative reputation is sufficient. After all, it just has to be sufficiently negative that they know that the player isn't sending over a friendly repair crew. 

The random <5 is more than sufficient to keep this as being a rare event. The player will be able, in all likelyhood, to loot 95% of the disabled Korath ships without interruption. 

On the other hand, having this scale could be good. Something like random <5 while reputation is between -1 and -100, goes up to <10 while reputation is between -101 and -1000; then <25 for the next increment, etc. At <-10000 the player gets a major incoming fleet about half the time...

Author: I was trying to avoid a massive spike in difficulty level. The sliding scale you propose is a great idea. This will require a few rounds of testing to make sure I get the three-layer-deep "to offer" logic right.

Author: You now have a sliding difficulty scale, and the boarding response will happen at a 5% rate regardless of reputation. Also, hunting Korath civilians will get you the high arrival rates much quicker than hunting their military vessels.

Reviewer 2: Doesnt Korath reputation start at -1k btw?

Reviewer 3: No, -10.

Reviewer: > I've changed it to `"reputation: Korath" < -10`, so you have to have pissed them off at least a little bit before they respond.
> 
> Also, they don't just take down one person. They clean out the entire system in seconds, making it safe for the raids to proceed, and then return to their home systems. The cost to them is quite small: just a rescue fleet on standby, and maybe a loss of a fighter or two. It won't evolve into a major cost unless the player is mass farming Korath with a fleet that is a threat to four Korath Defense fleets.

And given that the Korath are literally a space-living species, their ships are already predominantly in space. So all that really happens is that a fast response fleet spends a bit of fuel and hangs out in System B instead of system A for a day. Responding to something like this might actually be a net *positive* for them in terms of resource acquisition.

			"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" < -30
		not "Korath Boarding Response: active"
	source
		government Korath "Korath (Civilian)"
		system Alcyone Almach "Alpha Hydri" Atik Durax Misam Polaris Sheratan
	on offer
		conversation

> 			"An angry hiss comes over your radio and you see a strange pulse along the hull of the Korath vessel. Your ship detects a powerful hyperwave emission followed by several capital ships jumping in. You had best finish your business with this ship before yours is reduced to a ball of super-heated plasma."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"An angry hiss comes over your radio, and you see a strange pulse along the hull of the Korath vessel. Your ship detects a powerful hyperwave emission followed by several capital ships jumping in. You had best finish your business with this ship before yours is reduced to a ball of super-heated plasma."
```

> 			"An angry hiss comes over your radio, and you see a strange pulse along the hull of the Korath vessel. Your ship detects a powerful hyperwave emission followed by several capital ships jumping in. You had best finish your business with this ship before yours is reduced to a ball of super-heated plasma."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			"An angry hiss comes over your radio, and you see a strange pulse along the hull of the Korath vessel. Your ship detects a powerful hyperwave emission followed by several capital ships jumping in. You had best finish your business with this ship before yours is reduced to a ball of superheated plasma."
```

Author: I see both "super-heated" and "superheated" in articles on plasma. I'm indifferent, so I'll use your suggestion, but I'll leave this conversation unresolved in case someone has a more authoritative answer.

				accept

> 	destination "Earth"

Reviewer: What's the purpose of the "Earth" destination? Just to have somewhere it might complete to clear it out? If this is the case, then having it set to anywhere within 100 jumps of Earth would work better.

Author: All the boarding missions with no story destination in the data/human/ directory specified a destination. I suspect it is mandatory, but I am uncertain.

Author: I have moved the placeholder destination to Kessel Sepret, which is the main Korath Exile shipyard.

Reviewer: from the wiki:

> For missions offered by a ship, you must always specify a destination, even if the mission is designed to always be "declined" - e.g. a message where the pilot thanks you for repairing them but asks for no further help.

So you are correct, for this sort of mission it would be required.

	on complete
		payment 1000
		dialog `You find a Korath who seems to have been waiting for you in the spaceport. They greet you by showing their palms, then outstretch their hands as if waiting to receive the package. You hand off the small delivery and they hand you a small payment of <payment>.`

mission "Korath Boarding Response"
	invisible
	boarding
	repeat
	minor
	deadline 1
	to offer
		not "Korath Boarding Response: active"
		or
			and
				random < 5
				"reputation: Korath" < -10
			and
				random < 10
				"reputation: Korath" < -100
			and
				random < 25
				"reputation: Korath" < -1000
			and
				random < 50

> 				"reputation: Korath" < -10000

Reviewer 2: You could group the random 25 and random 50 together except if you really want to spam a player that did both these things

You realize the odds will stack, right?

Author: I just added the `>=` needed to prevent the odds from stacking.

Reviewer 2: Just so you know, random < 5 + "condition" * 10 works

			and
				random < 10
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" < 0
			and
				random < 25

> 				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" < -100

Reviewer 2: Isnt this like just one worldship to kill?

Author: Yes. The Korath don't like it when you kill their civilians.

Author: I changed it to -300, which will probably work out to two worldships.

Reviewer 2: Yeah caus otherwise it was the same as < 0

			and
				random < 50
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" < -1000
	source
		government Korath "Korath (Civilian)"
		system Alcyone Almach "Alpha Hydri" Atik Durax Misam Polaris Sheratan
	on offer
		conversation
			"An angry hiss comes over your radio, and you see a strange pulse along the hull of the Korath vessel. Your ship detects a powerful hyperwave emission followed by several capital ships jumping in. You had best finish your business with this ship before yours is reduced to a ball of superheated plasma."
				accept
	# The destination is mandatory, but its choice won't affect anything due to "deadline 1"
	destination "Kessel Sepret"
	npc kill
		government "Korath"
		personality harvests plunders unconstrained coward

> 		fleet "Korath Defense" 4

Reviewer 2: I'd include a to complete never just for the clarity of it, but not needed
Btw we could make the size of this fleet depend on the strength of the player in terms of "armament deterrance"? Surely sending this much against a solo player ship is overkill
And they could send more if you have more
Just a thought

Reviewer 2: Also didnt you forget entering? Thats how it usually happens with these boarding spawning missions

Author: This isn't being sent against the player's ship. They rampage across the system killing everything. The player is a target if the player gets in the way.

Reviewer 2: there is just not as fluidly, using to spawn
Could not be required though idk

Author: The job of the fleet is to completely wipe the system clean. I am sending the minimum amount of ships the Korath need to do that with 0 casualties at 100% reliability, assuming the player's strength is negligible. If I reduce the fleet size, the Korath will lose ships, and the rescue mission would be pointless.

Reviewer 2: You could increase the amount of ships though if you want to send a message to the player
but for now should be fine as is (even less would wipe the system tbh)

Author: I want the player to be able to escape. Also, there were lore objections to the Korath gathering a massive fleet just to send a message to Captain Last. From a logistics standpoint, it makes more sense for them to wipe the system clean, so it is safe to raid again. Certainly, they should send more ships if the system is busier, but I need to add faction-level AI to do that.

	on complete
		payment 1000
		dialog `You find a Korath who seems to have been waiting for you in the spaceport. They greet you by showing their palms, then outstretch their hands as if waiting to receive the package. You hand off the small delivery and they hand you a small payment of <payment>.`

mission "Korath Boarding Response"
	invisible
	boarding
	repeat
	minor
	deadline 1
	to offer
		not "Korath Boarding Response: active"
		or
			and

> 				random < 5
> 				"reputation: Korath" < -10
> 				"reputation: Korath" >= -100
> 			and
> 				random < 10
> 				"reputation: Korath" < -100
> 				"reputation: Korath" >= -1000
> 			and
> 				random < 25
> 				"reputation: Korath" < -1000
> 				"reputation: Korath" >= -10000
> 			and
> 				random < 50
> 				"reputation: Korath" < -10000

Reviewer 2: idk if I can put this on multiple lines, dont think parser will understand that but here is what I meant:
```suggestion
				random < (5 * ("reputation: Korath" < -10)) + (5 * ("reputation: Korath" < -100)) + (15 * ("reputation: Korath" < -1000)) + (25 * ("reputation: Korath" < -10000))
```
this is equivalent to your long thing
is it clearer? idk, no need to apply if you think its not, I'm just showing what I think we can do

same can be done for the civilians ofc, and all could even be grouped in a mega condition
if we can put this on multiple lines it could even be clearer, but idk if we can

Author: That is definitely harder to read.

			and
				random < 10
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" < 0
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" >= -300
			and
				random < 25
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" < -300
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" >= -3000
			and
				random < 50
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" < -3000
	source
		government Korath "Korath (Civilian)"
		system Alcyone Almach "Alpha Hydri" Atik Durax Misam Polaris Sheratan

> 	on offer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	on offer
		"korath: boarding response count" ++
```

		conversation

> 			"An angry hiss comes over your radio, and you see a strange pulse along the hull of the Korath vessel. Your ship detects a powerful hyperwave emission followed by several capital ships jumping in. You had best finish your business with this ship before yours is reduced to a ball of superheated plasma."

Reviewer 2: you do realize this will undock you from the Korath ship, right? mb mention that in the dialog

Reviewer 2: I tested it. It does.

Reviewer 2: Line 432 of conversationpanel clearly does this:
```cpp
else if(node != Conversation::ACCEPT && ship->GetGovernment()->IsEnemy()
				&& !ship->IsDestroyed() && ship->IsDisabled()
				&& ship->Position().Distance(player.Flagship()->Position()) <= 1.)
			GetUI()->Push(new BoardingPanel(player, ship));
```

Author: You're right, but now I'm worried. I will have to check my notes and see what happened in my earlier tests.

Author: I have updated the dialog.

Also, what happened before is that the "accept" was missing, so the ship was still connected, and the rescuers never arrived. That was earlier in my testing, before I remembered that "decline" is the default.

Author: `The pulse throws your ship off of theirs, but it appears you could board them again`

> 			"An angry hiss comes over your radio, and you see a strange pulse along the hull of the Korath vessel. Your ship detects a powerful hyperwave emission followed by several capital ships jumping in. The pulse throws your ship off of theirs, but it appears you could board them again. You had best finish your business here before you are reduced to a ball of superheated plasma."

Reviewer 6: What's a hyperwave emission? Has it ever been mentioned in ES before?

Author: How should I know? I'm not a theoretical hyperparticle physicist.

Reviewer 6: Just feels weird that this is mentioned in the game for the first time here.

Author: Ah, but that's only the beginning. I'm going to do a PR in a few days that'll mention steradians in a dramatic context.

Author: There are hyperwaves in #8075, also involving Korath.

Reviewer 6: Ah ok then.

				accept
	# The destination is mandatory, but its choice won't affect anything due to "deadline 1"
	destination "Kessel Sepret"
	npc kill
		government "Korath"

> 		personality harvests plunders unconstrained coward uninterested entering

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		personality harvests plunders unconstrained coward uninterested entering vindictive
```
they should be angry, right? just a suggestion

Author: No, they have arrived to clean out a system that may be filled with hostile ships. They wouldn't waste time shooting at an exploding ship.

	on complete
		payment 1000
		dialog `You find a Korath who seems to have been waiting for you in the spaceport. They greet you by showing their palms, then outstretch their hands as if waiting to receive the package. You hand off the small delivery and they hand you a small payment of <payment>.`

mission "Korath Boarding Response"
	invisible
	boarding
	repeat
	minor
	deadline 1
	to offer
		not "Korath Boarding Response: active"
		or
			and
				random < 5
				"reputation: Korath" < -10
				"reputation: Korath" >= -100
			and
				random < 10
				"reputation: Korath" < -100
				"reputation: Korath" >= -1000
			and
				random < 25
				"reputation: Korath" < -1000
				"reputation: Korath" >= -10000
			and
				random < 50
				"reputation: Korath" < -10000

			and
				random < 10
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" < 0
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" >= -300
			and
				random < 25
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" < -300
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" >= -3000
			and
				random < 50
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" < -3000
	source
		government Korath "Korath (Civilian)"

> 		system Atik Durax Misam

Author: ```suggestion
		system Atik Durax Misam Alcyone Almach
```

Author: I think it makes sense for the Korath boarding response to happen in pirate systems since one of the main goals is to deter pirates from pillaging Korath vessels. These planets are sufficiently out-of-the-way, and filled with hostile fleets, that a few strange hostile ships won't be a major new story.

	on offer
		"korath: boarding response count" ++
		conversation

> 			"An angry hiss comes over your radio, and you see a strange pulse along the hull of the Korath vessel. Your ship detects a powerful hyperwave emission followed by several capital ships jumping in. The pulse throws your ship off theirs, but it appears you could board them again. You had best finish your business here before you are reduced to a ball of superheated plasma."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"An angry hiss comes over your radio, and you see a strange pulse radiate from the hull of the Korath vessel. The pulse throws your ship off theirs, but it appears you could board them again. Suddenly, your ship detects a powerful hyperwave emission followed by several Korath ships jumping in. You had best finish your business here before you are reduced to a ball of superheated plasma."
```
I think this needs to be adjusted a bit. "...pulse along" doesn't really make sense as much as a form of "....pulse from". We also don't really refer to ships as "Capital ships" (apart from the Remnant license), and should probably leave that vague and reference what we do know about the ships being Korath. 

Reorganized wording to make a bit more sense/flow better. If the pulse is the hyperwave emission itself, and not the JD's of other ships, the wording could be connected a bit better.

Reviewer 7: @roadrunner56 Thoughts as well?

Author: I already merged this change, but roadrunner56 has not indicated the presence or lack of a thought.

Reviewer 6: Sorry, I've been kind of busy over the past few months and I must have missed this. Saugia's change looks good, if that's still an issue.

> 			"An angry hiss comes over your radio, and you see a strange pulse along the hull of the Korath vessel. Your ship detects a powerful hyperwave emission followed by several capital ships jumping in. The pulse throws your ship off of theirs, but it appears you could board them again. You had best finish your business here before you are reduced to a ball of superheated plasma."

Reviewer 3: What is a "hyperwave"?

Author: It is the human word for their half-understanding of the concept of waves traveling along the weft. Just like radios use radio waves, hyperspace relays use hyperwaves. Naturally, since this is the standard form of interstellar communication, your ship knows how to pick up hyperwaves and inform you of them.

Seriously. They covered this in pilot training. Why did you pay 50,000 credits if you were just going to forget all of this?

Reviewer 3: There are no hyperspace links between the systems where this missino can occur and any reasonable place for these Korath ships to be waiting.
The only possible exceptions are Durax and Alcyone where Atik and/or Misam could potentially serve as staging grounds, but I'm not sure that should be the case.

Author: The Korath don't need starlanes to communicate between systems.

				accept

> 	# The destination is mandatory, but its choice won't affect anything due to "deadline 1"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
	# Destinations are required for boarding missions, but it won't affect anything due to "deadline 1".
```

	minor
	deadline 1
	to offer
		not "Korath Boarding Response: active"
		or
			and
				random < 5
				"reputation: Korath" < -10
				"reputation: Korath" >= -100
			and
				random < 10
				"reputation: Korath" < -100
				"reputation: Korath" >= -1000
			and
				random < 25
				"reputation: Korath" < -1000
				"reputation: Korath" >= -10000
			and
				random < 50
				"reputation: Korath" < -10000

			and
				random < 10
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" < 0
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" >= -300
			and
				random < 25
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" < -300
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" >= -3000
			and
				random < 50
				"reputation: Korath (Civilian)" < -3000
	source
		government Korath "Korath (Civilian)"
		system Alcyone Almach "Alpha Hydri" Atik Durax Misam Polaris Sheratan
	on offer
		"korath: boarding response count" ++
		conversation

> 			"An angry hiss comes over your radio, and you see a strange pulse along the hull of the Korath vessel. Your ship detects a powerful hyperwave emission followed by several capital ships jumping in. The pulse throws your ship off of theirs, but it appears you could board them again. You had best finish your business here before you are reduced to a ball of superheated plasma."

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			"An angry hiss comes over your radio, and you see a strange pulse along the hull of the Korath vessel. Your ship detects a powerful hyperwave emission followed by several capital ships jumping in. The pulse throws your ship off theirs, but it appears you could board them again. You had best finish your business here before you are reduced to a ball of superheated plasma."
```
